for the one who made it possible for you to come to church today.
What a figure for the Lord's shadow parade.
Hallelujah.
I said hallelujah.
Those on my right, hallelujah.
Those on my left, hallelujah.
Those in the middle, hallelujah.
The whole church, hallelujah.
Jesus Christ.
Oh, I thought you'd do a better hand clap offering.
Amen.
Now, 10 to your neighbor and say neighbor.
I need you to find somebody and tell the person, say neighbor.
Excuse me.
I was busy worshiping the Lord.
But I don't want to forget to hug you.
I'm going to hug you.
Oh, what a wonderful moment.
Make sure you have your right blessing before you fall in trouble.
Hallelujah.
Are you excited that you are in church?
You know what?
Watch, watch, watch, watch me, everybody.
Are you watching?
Say I'm watching.
I want to hear a sound and I'm watching.
Say I'm looking.
Now, look at your neighbor and talk about neighbor.
Relax.
Chill.
Together.
Chill, relax.
Because today, among all days, it's your day.
Said today, among all days, it's your day.
Say neighbor.
Excuse me.
I want to take a selfie with you after change.
Because it looks so good.
Put your hands together for Jesus Christ, everybody.
Amen.
Well, there are some 10 gentlemen at the back, 10 gentlemen at the back.
They are always supporting me and I like them.
My best friends, those 10 guys, wow, they are doing it.
Put your hands together for the Lord.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Wow, I like that.
Hallelujah.
10 people on my left, they said today they want to sit down.
But if you can encourage them to be outstanding, I'll be so nice.
Yes, I'm guys at the back of what they want.
They said they want to sit down, but if you can encourage them, they can only stand to their feet and not sit down.
All those of us here, can you please rise your feet and let's worship and pray to God, amen.
Nice, I'm 16, verse number 11.
Are you here with me?
Yes.
The Bible says,
That will show me the path of life.
Everybody say path of life.
Hey, say path of life.
You don't say it, you not get to say path of life.
That will show me the path of life, which simply means that there is a path of death.
But you will be on the path of life.
Your amen must be a resounding one.
That will show me the path of life.
That is to say, what is the path of life?
In the presence of the president, in the presence of my mother, in the presence of the Lord, what is there?
Fullness of joy.
Now, somebody said, I had the fullness of joy.
Some of you may have come to the service, sad and not happy, but
I believe this verse which says that in the presence of the Lord or in thy presence is fullness of joy.
Not just that, also at the right hand of God.
Now tell everybody, excuse me.
I don't understand at the left hand of God because I don't know what is over there.
But I know what's at the right hand of God.
Tell me about only pleasures.
And not precious.
Only pleasures.
Hallelujah.
Now, we want to spend some time this morning and come before the Lord with thanksgiving.
Why?
Because as Sami says that in Psalm 100 in verse number 4, enter into his gates with thanksgiving and into his courts with praise.
Can I have a name, amen.
Many of you came to church with Uber, Bose,
But I know people who came in an air-conditioned bus.
Yeah.
You're going to come in an air-conditioned bus next time.
We may all have come with different ways, but one thing that we can all come into that presence of the Lord with is something called Thanksgiving.
It's what?
Everybody say Thanksgiving.
Now, we want to say thank you to God for bringing us to church and also
Making sure that we are here.
And say times plans did not come to pass in our personal lives.
But we are here.
Some of you came with your families.
What a blessing.
Some of you came with your colleagues at work.
Have you come with your bosses?
What a blessing.
It's an amazing thing that you are here.
And together we all want to say Jesus thank you for such a wonderful day that you have given us.
And how are we going to do it this morning?
We are all gonna lift our hands together to Jesus.
Everybody lift your hands with me to Jesus, including those sitting down.
Lift your hands high above your head and lift it to Jesus.
And right now, close your eyes and begin to say thank you to the Lord for every good thing that He's done for you.
You know what God has done for you, friends?
What an amazing presence.
What a multitude to say thank you to God.
You may be finding yourself somewhere, standing somewhere, sitting somewhere.
You are the one that God wants to hear your voice.
God doesn't want to hear specific people's voice, only hear your individual voice.
You want to hear you say thank you to him.
If somebody can only lift his voice and say, Father, thank you for my life.
Thank you for all that you do for me.
Thank you for what you have done for me.
Thank you for making me see another day.
Thank you for making me come to church.
Thank you for causing me to come to church.
Thank you for making people even bring me to church.
If I were to find myself somewhere else wrong, I may not know what I'm hoping to make.
But thank you, that by your mighty hand, you have drawn me to yourself.
You've taught me to your house.
You've taught me to your presence.
And I want to say thank you.
Everybody lift your hands to Jesus.
Lift your hands to God.
Lift your hands to Him and talk to Him right now.
Say thank you to Him.
That's how He says, I will bless the Lord at all times.
And His praise will
Many of you have to thank God for seeing yourself even in the midst of other Christians.
Only God can do this.
Some of you the whole year, this is the very first time you are coming to church.
It's a good time to say thank you to God.
Go ahead and thank Him.
Relax and thank Him.
Learn to stay in His presence and thank Him.
Give Him praise.
Bless His holy name.
Open your mouth and talk to Him.
Oh, yes.
Thank You that Your message and You, every morning.
Lord, thank You.
Look at anybody, look at yourself and call and say thank you to him.
Give him the glory.
Give him the praise.
Bless him.
Open your mouth and blessing.
I want to say thank you, Lord.
We want to honor you, Lord.
We want to thank you, Lord.
I will bless you, Lord.
For you, I love these sevens.
You, I love these sevens.
Somebody, if you know that God, yourselves, your fans, give me.
Let's give it to him.
Give it to Him.
If you have received divine protection from God, say thank you to Him.
May God deliver you from a fatal oxidase.
Say thank you to him.
It's not a time to talk to anybody.
It's not a time to talk to God.
Meribocococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococococ
And we give you all the glory in Jesus' mighty name.
And everybody said amen.
Put your hands together for Jesus.
Hallelujah.
Now this morning in our atmosphere of prayer, whilst we are cooling ourselves down,
Are you calmer?
Oh, be calmer.
Turn it back, be calmer.
We want to pray and ask God for favor.
Somebody say favor.
How many of you want God to show you favor?
How many of you want God to favor you?
Only three people, those are their bad.
Those are over there, uh-huh.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Good.
Somebody say favor.
Job 33, invest number 25.
Go on to take time and pray for favor.
God is gonna favor you.
Amen.
I said, God is gonna favor you.
Your amen is not resounding, amen.
Amen.
Amen
No problem, it's our church.
So you have to take your time.
Say his flesh.
Shout be fresh out.
Good.
Than a child.
He shall return to the days of his youth.
Now this is describing you.
What this simply means is that you're never going to grow old.
You always be fresh and young.
You're never didn't believe it, so say it yourself.
I'll always be fresh and young.
Verse 26.
Wow, verse 26, look at it, He shall pray unto God, and God will be favorable unto Him.
I said He will do what?
Pray unto God, and God will be favorable unto Him.
To favor somebody means that to make their best not be part of a bad thing.
And that's what God wants to do for you.
Everybody here, God is going to favor us.
Now what we need to do is remember Job said He shall pray.
and God will be favorable unto Him.
So as you pray this one and say, Lord, favor me, my family, my job, favor my business, my health, God is going to favor you.
Shall we go with one?
I can't lift our hands to Jesus Christ because there is a presence over here.
Everyone standing, there is a sweet presence over here.
Lift your hands to God.
Ask God to favor you this morning.
Open your mouth because Job said, I will pray unto God, and He will be favorable unto me.
Would you mind laboring to God right now in prayers and say, Lord, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor me, favor
To be chosen.
Pray for favor.
To be selected all the time.
To be chosen.
To be called.
Everybody call on God.
Call on God.
When favor rests upon you.
People like you.
People choose you.
When favor rests upon you.
People who draw near to you.
When favor draws upon you and falls upon you, people will choose you supernaturally.
When favor falls upon your business, people will choose your business.
People will like your business.
People will be drawn to your business.
When favor falls upon you, people will not pass you by, but they will come close to you.
They will like you.
Down here was drawn into favor.
The Bible says Daniel, he was drawn into favor.
Can you lift your voice?
Can you lift your hands and ask God to favor you, to favor you, to draw you into favor, to draw you into favor, to draw you into favor, to draw you into favor, to draw you into favor, to draw you into favor, God in world of soccer.
That's what God wanted to do for you.
God wants to favor you.
Lift your hands, everybody.
You are a young lady without a favor of God.
Nobody would want to come close to you.
Nobody would want to choose you.
You are a businessman.
You need God's favor for people to come to your workplace, for people to choose your business.
Lift your hands, everyone, and call upon God.
He shall pray to God.
And God shall be favorable unto him.
God wants to favor you.
God wants to choose you.
Everybody lift your hands and call on God for his favor.
The Bible says in Daniel 1, 9, that Daniel was drawn into favor.
Among all the princes, among all the princes, Daniel was chosen.
Daniel was selected.
He was selected by God and he was drawn into favor.
If you want God to favor you anywhere you are standing, anywhere you are standing,
God can favor you.
All you need to do is to pray and say, Lord favor me, Lord favor me, Lord favor me, Lord favor me, Lord favor me, Lord favor me, Lord favor me, favor me, favor me, exempts me from the wickedness coming ahead.
Favor me, favor me, favor me, Loma Shandalabha, Loma Antalevo, Loma Antale Loma, Loma Antale La Mone, Loma Antaleano, we give you praise and glory.
We bless your Holy Name.
We adore you and we give you all the thanks in the mighty name of Jesus Christ.
Amen.
Everybody said amen.
Hello.
Hallelujah.
Please be seated.
Beautiful.
Can everybody try to find a seat?
Is it the choir that is coming on stage and come now?
I want us to just pray for something.
Let's tend to Ephesians chapter 3.
Are you with me in Ephesians chapter 3?
Beautiful.
For this cause, I pull the prisoner of Jesus Christ for you Gentiles.
All right?
A lot of people moving around.
Is this the choir?
Where's the rest of the choir?
Can you come on stage, please?
Is there any choir?
You can come on stage.
Just come quickly and sit down here.
Now, listen, while there's a lot of movement and people trying to find somewhere, so whilst we do that,
We are still going to be in a good mood.
Amen.
Can you see the people at the box?
A lot of people moving around.
So more spaces.
Now Paul said, I am a prisoner.
How many would like to be a prisoner of Jesus?
Wow.
When you are a prisoner of Jesus,
It means Jesus is the prison keeper.
Is that a good thing?
Huh?
Prison keeper.
How many would you like to stay in your own house or be in the prison of Jesus?
Which of the two?
Prison of Jesus or your personal house?
It is better to be in the prison, where Jesus is the prison keeper.
Amen.
All right.
Number two, if you have heard of the dispensation of the grace of God, which is given to me, how that by revelation, he made known unto me
The mystery.
Hallelujah.
Amen.
How many want God to help you to know the mysteries of God?
Wow.
Do you think there are mysteries of God?
There are many mysteries.
Even in science, there are mysteries.
Some of you can sit on the floor here.
of course, this.
Now, even in science, there are mysteries.
If we take, for instance, the stars in the sky.
Are you there?
Hello?
If you take the stars in the skies, we can see them, but there is no way of going to them.
Are you with me?
If you take the sea, the deep blue sea, it is so deep in some places that only robots are able to go there, robots, because of the pressure under the water.
Some of the sea are so deep, as deep as Mount Everest is high.
is so deep.
That is where air France fell into when it was flying from Rio de Janeiro to Paris.
It fell in the middle there and it was so deep that they had to use robots and whatever to go into the water to try to find
And they were able to, after some years, they were able to find the black box.
Are you there?
Hallelujah.
Now, the stars are so far that there is no machine, you get it, and no technology that can ever send a machine there.
So it's a mystery.
Maybe one day, God is going to give that wisdom to human beings.
When you are flying from Accra to London, it will be 10 minutes.
What do you think?
Can you imagine?
We just go 10 minutes.
You are there.
That is the technology that has happened
in the world now with the introduction of air travel.
It used to take six months to travel from London to Bombay, India.
So when you go on a ship in January, you get there in June, July.
Went from London to India.
Today you sit on a plane and London to India
nine hours you'll be there.
So you see that the mystery has been solved, the mystery of traveling faster.
And when you are sitting in a plane, you never feel that you are going fast.
The pilot just tells you, stay quietly in your seat for some hours, and then you soon see that you are in a new country.
You never feel acceleration, only when you are taking off.
And even that is not so strong.
Are you with me?
How many outside can hear me?
Those outside, can you hear me?
All right.
Anybody who can hear me, please enjoy the message.
Amen.
Those outside, can you say amen?
Those under the canopy, can you say amen?
Wow.
Now, so Paul said, I want you to understand how come I know the mysteries of God.
So there are many mysteries of God also.
One of the mysteries is that how can God listen to many things at the same time?
You are praying, you are praying, you are praying, you are praying, and I'm also praying.
And there are some people in China praying, and some people having an all-night.
And he's listening to all of us.
It's serious.
It's mysterious, isn't it?
So these are some of the great mysteries of God.
So Paul said, I want you to understand my knowledge in the mysteries.
of God.
That's fine.
Which in other ages was not made known to the sons of men, as it is now revealed until his holy apostles and prophets by the Spirit.
So God brings progressive revelation through his holy apostles.
by His Spirit.
Now, each apostle brings some more light to the existing revelation.
Are you there?
What is an apostle?
An apostle is actually the correct word for a missionary because it means somebody who is sent.
I'm sending you a postal.
All right, that's all that it means.
That's the meaning of the word apostle.
So the apostles in the Bible were the 12, but apart from the 12, about 20 plus people were called apostles in the Bible, apart from the 12.
Are you there?
Hello.
How many are listening to me?
Wave your hand if you are listening to me.
Those outside who are listening to me, please say amen.
Okay.
So I'm saying apart from the 12 apostles, there are about 20, 21 people who are called apostles, matter of not the 12 apostles.
All right?
Now, he says that in the time past, more things have been revealed
to his apostles and prophets by the Spirit.
So apostles bring a little more light to what we already know.
Now, if you take my ministry, for instance, as an apostle, I have also brought a little more revelation to things that have been already revealed.
If you take somebody like Kenneth Hagin,
He brought a bit of revelation about faith and it adds to what we know.
Even though the verses were there already, it's like the apostle brings some more light to what?
To what we sort of know already and brings a little more light.
Are you with me?
Yes.
Each apostle adds something that we don't have.
There was a man called Paham, Paham.
And he brought light to the idea of speaking in tongues as a manifestation of the Holy Spirit when you receive the baptism.
Nobody was speaking in tongues.
But there was a lady in his Bible school and through that a revelation came about the fact that if you pray for somebody to receive the Holy Spirit, the person can speak in tongues, which was new.
Nobody had that.
And then another man at Azusa Street, what's his name?
Simo.
brought a little more revelation.
That's why it is celebrated.
It's called Pentecost.
And from there, you have the famous Pentecostal churches.
That's why it's called Pentecostal.
Pentecost is 50.
It's not a spiritual word, do you see?
Yes, but actually it's because on that day,
Pentecosta, as if it's Pentecosta means Holy Spirit, but I actually know.
Are you with me?
So every apostle brings more light, do you see, to the existing light that we have?
And it changes things.
If you take medicine, you'll find out that
At each stage, there's a little more light.
You know that at first, you see your veins, can you see your veins on your hands?
You know, nobody knew that their blood in you is going backwards this way to your heart from your, they didn't know it.
If you go to college, well, there are some interesting pictures at some of the doctor's offices.
And some of them show some of the history of surgery and the history of medicine.
They didn't know all these things, that the blood is going through arteries and there are veins.
So when the blood is in your vein, this one of the top is a vein, but the arteries are inside.
Some of you are at students, so even the word arteries in vein, you don't really get it.
But at students should try to listen when scientists are talking.
Okay?
is because you are adds to them, you don't know scientific thing, that's why sometimes when you do your adds things with the banks and so on, it doesn't work well.
So, for instance, let me give you a simple example, when a woman was going to have a baby, you see, they didn't know that the baby, some babies are inquisitive.
So instead of coming into this world as a diver,
to just dive like this, to understand and come like this with here.
The baby lives the head that he wants to see what is happening.
And when the baby lives the head up to see what is happening, it's called the west of all, when it's coming with this part, the brown, where you from, it's called the brown presentation.
But when the baby lives the head up really to see
It's called the face.
And that is west.
Bradley, I think, is called the evil presentation.
I think that is when this distance is the biggest.
Like an ecological thing here.
Am I saying the right thing?
He says, I'm saying the right thing, yes.
The bra is called the evil presentation.
So the distance here cannot come true.
So when the baby is looking, oh, what is happening in the world?
No.
When you do that, brother, you will not come.
Do you see?
So sometimes, can you imagine in the olden days babies used to get stuck?
So the woman would be pushing them and the baby is stuck.
So the baby would die, the mother would die because the baby is stuck.
So then they decided to learn how to cut the baby out.
Do you understand?
so then they started doing it.
And they did it with their bare hands because they didn't know about gems.
So they were able to cut the woman and sew her back.
Yes, but with their bare hands, having, eating, can, can, fish.
And just what their hands with, what are not knowing that all their hands are covered with gems.
So when they saw the woman back,
She looks normal, but after two days, she starts to get a fever and become very hot.
And then the stomach starts to swell.
And then it swells and the fever, sopecemia, she just dies out of severe infection.
Are you with me?
So later on, then they discovered there are something like gems.
So then we moved on to the next level.
What do you think?
Then they started to wash their hands.
After washing the hand, there was more revelation on even how to wash the hands.
Not knowing that if you are wearing a ring and you wash your hand, there is something stained under the ring.
So they also learned how to wash it.
There's a way that a doctor watches the hand.
You go to this toilet where you have to press the hand.
The man who has finished poo poo, who they didn't watch his hand, has come to squeeze the toe, especially in aeroplane.
They are present to open it.
And then you have also come nicely.
You also wash your hand.
Then you also press it and wipe off his gems and take it.
And then you'll be sucking your finger.
Or the next time you'll be eating some bread.
Are you with me?
Yes.
So what I'm saying is that at each point there is a new revelation.
Today there are many asthma.
They used to give, when you have asthma, you take medicine, you take tablets, injections, many things.
But now then they discover, what about something that we can breathe?
Then they created an inhaler.
That instead of taking the tablet through your mouth for you to go to your blood before you come back to your lungs, why not do it directly?
Even diabetes, they have invented an inhaler.
That instead of people taking injections, they can inhale insulin.
Yeah, and insulin is a protein.
That's why they cannot take it as a tablet.
Because if you take as a tablet, it goes into your stomach, the acid will digest it.
So the Israelis have invented insulin that can go into your stomach without being digested.
And they are about to release it.
So ladies and gentlemen, say progressive revelation.
So there is always progressive revelation which changes your life.
Amen.
And you are about to receive progressive revelation.
Hallelujah.
So in verse five, it says, in other ages, was not made known to the sons of men, as it is now revealed unto his holy apostles and prophets by the spirit.
Holy apostles and prophets, holy doesn't mean so good, but they are special, amen.
Verse six, that the Gentiles should be fellow heirs of the same body and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel.
Now, when you go to Israel, you find out that the name Paul is not a popular name,
because He is the one who has made those of us who are Gentiles, understand that we are being added, like this verse.
You know, Jews don't like that.
So you see Jews, you know, they have a rule that a Jew must be buried in a Jewish cemetery, not with a Gentile.
because they say that the righteous should not be buried by the wicked.
So we being Gentiles are seen as wicked.
Are you with me?
But now the Bible is saying that we who are Gentiles should be fellow heirs and of the same body and partakers of his promise in Christ by the gospel.
Amen.
So the gospel, you can preach the gospel with only the Old Testament.
Actually, I am learning how to do that.
You can preach the love of God and the gospel of Jesus Christ by reading only Old Testament verses.
There are 1,600 verses directly quoted or indirect, quoted without referring, like so that they'll say,
referred, and they'll say Isaiah said, but then there are somebody, don't say where he said, and there are some that are quoted from it, 1,600 verses in the New Testament from the Old Testament.
Did you know that?
You see, you don't know everything.
So the gospel is actually coming from the Old Testament or what they call the Tanakh.
the Tanak is a Hebrew word for Old Testament, Tanak.
Are you interested in what I'm saying?
Yes.
So the gospel of Jesus Christ is also for us, but the Jews are not so excited about that.
And you can understand when your position is being
taking over or maybe others are being included.
You get what I'm saying?
You start to react and you say, ah, do you know when we came?
What about BHA?
We have been the believers for years.
Amen.
The seven, whereof, I was made
What a minister?
Hallelujah.
Oh, Hallelujah.
Amen.
Are you tired?
All right, verse eight.
And to me, who am the less than the least?
And the what?
Less than the least.
of all saints is this grace given.
Wow.
What is the grace that has been given that I should preach?
That I should do what preach among the Gentiles the unceachable riches of Christ.
How many here are less than the least in the choir?
Only the first four are less than the least.
And the back are more than the most.
Don't say that back.
Are you more than the most or you are less than the least?
Are you on your phone?
Excuse me.
Put your phones away.
Put your phone away.
No phones, please.
No phones.
All right?
Just listen to the... Don't be too clever.
Don't be too clever.
And you know,
People are developing addiction and addiction for the phone.
It's like you always have to check if there's a WhatsApp or if something is happening.
But nothing is happening.
Anybody here whose phone dies before you sleep, there is something wrong with your way of using the phone.
Once your battery goes off and you need a power bank, there is something wrong with you.
I'm telling you.
It can never be healthy.
Then you are looking at the screen.
One day, a sudden sister decided to make a phone call.
So she went out of the house and she went to, those days we used to use phone booths.
And then she called home.
Her husband, hello.
Her husband said, hey, is it not you?
He said, yeah, it's me.
And she said, I realize that you are rather answering calls.
As I'm in the house, you are not noticing me.
So I decided that if I go out and I join those who are calling, you will rather
pay attention to me.
So she now told him what she wanted to tell him on the phone.
Are you with me?
How many would agree that it applies to us too?
Sometimes the person who is outside and sending the message gets more attention than the living creatures.
True or not true?
Hallelujah.
So and to me,
who are less than the least.
Amen.
Wow.
I've been given this grace.
How many one grace?
We were praying for favor and grace.
What is grace?
Grace is to preach.
I've been given this grace that I should preach.
So if you have been used by God to preach to somebody, it means the grace of God has been given to you.
When God takes away the grace to preach,
The grace has been taken away.
One day I saw a brother who used to preach every Sunday, but now he was sick.
So instead of going to chat, he watches video and used to watch us preaching.
And I realized that the grace that had been given to him to preach for some years was taken away.
And then that was it.
So that's nine.
To make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery.
Hallelujah.
Those outside, can you hear me?
Can you see me?
Please listen, consider it as an audio.
An audio tip, amen.
to the intent, Hallelujah, that now unto the principalities and powers might be known by the church, the manifold wisdom of God.
How many know that God's wisdom is greater than the wisdom of this world?
Any day, any day, amen?
Can I have an amen?
God's foolishness is wiser than your wisdom, your highest wisdom.
God's foolishness is higher than it.
So that is why when Jesus was being crucified, all right?
And so just we're patting his clothes.
Trying to, you know, in John 19, verse 23.
Are you there?
Look at what it says.
It says, then the soldiers, when they had crucified Jesus, are you there?
Took his garments.
Did you get it?
And did what?
Made for pets.
So that means that they naked at Jesus.
Or you don't understand that English.
What does it mean to naked Jesus?
They were trying to embarrass him.
Is he part of the crucifixion was embarrassment.
Because
naked in him will not kill him.
So you are a soldier, instead of fighting, invading a country or defending a nation, you are naked in God's servant.
It's all part of the crucifixion, but it's all part of the wisdom of God.
and the most foolish thing, huh?
In God's plan for his seventh, do you see?
It's wiser than the wisest thing that you can ever do.
Hallelujah.
So, look at it too.
For soldiers who?
So it means that we can see from this scripture
Jesus was crucified by a team of four.
A team of how many?
Four.
And these four, okay, four people were making great efforts to make him like to embarrass, embarrass Christ.
and humiliate him in front of his followers who were standing there.
That is why Jesus told Judas.
Jesus told the chief priest, those who delivered me to you have a greater sin.
So the sins are in levels.
Yes.
Back to my scripture, John 19.
Can I have my scripture back, please?
The soldiers, now they took his coat.
Now his coat was without seam, woven from the top throughout.
He was wearing a beautiful designer shirt.
Wow.
I'm sure it was like the one I'm wearing.
Please don't crucify me.
Now, what happened?
It was woven from the top throughout.
I don't know what it means, but it means there was something special.
Now, look at what they said, verse 24.
Then they said among themselves, wow, this thing is nice.
If one of us has it, it will be bad at all.
Let us not render it.
Let us not tear it.
Okay?
But let's cast lots like it is so valuable that chalet is going to be a quarrel as to who should have it.
This man's things, okay?
So let us decide that we will take a dice.
So choose one, two, three, four, six, miludu, whatever.
Have you chosen two, four, six, three?
Ready, go.
Three, one.
So that number three.
took it.
All right?
But you see, what you don't realize is that you are fulfilling a prophecy.
You see, that's what I'm saying, that even what you think you are doing, that seems to be foolishness of God is actually the
playing out of God's wisdom.
In fact, by doing this, they proved the prophecies were true.
Yes.
That's what, that the scripture might be fulfilled, which say it.
That's why I'm saying that there are 1,600 of these.
Sometimes they don't even say scripture and they don't even refer to where, but it's just fulfilling the scripture.
that they packed at my raiment among them.
And for my venture, they did cast laws.
These things, therefore, the soldiers did.
So everybody's path was fulfilling something.
Yes.
Everybody fulfilled a scripture.
Judas fulfilled a scripture.
You can never be Judas to qualify to be Judas, you must be close.
If you are far, you can never be Judas.
So sometimes better to be far so that you don't ever qualify.
But if you are close, you can qualify.
That's the qualification.
If then Judas, when he was fulfilling, the Bible says that it might be fulfilled, which is written in the same John, in John, I think, 13,
that he that eateth bread with me has lifted up his heel against me.
Wow.
So God's wisdom is very great.
Are you there?
You don't sound excited.
Are you excited at my little... Can I have a shout of Hallelujah, somebody?
Beautiful.
Now, verse 10, to the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church, the manifold wisdom of God.
Amen.
You know, the wisdom of God is outwitting the demons that are at work.
These principalities and powers
are the spirits in the heavenlies who are manipulating the affairs of men.
Are you with me?
Yes.
And God is saying that those devils will know that God's wisdom is greater and is the greatest.
Hallelujah.